The population projection will have an impact on Seoul’s sustainability in both positive and negative ways

The projection will generally have a positive impact on promoting its economic growth. The steady but slow rise in population will stimulate consumer spending and hence benefit the economy. There will be an increase in job opportunities as more people are moving into Seoul to find work, which increases the supply of labour available to sustain economic growth. However, there will be higher demand for housing which will render the cost of living to be more expensive, potentially making homelessness and poverty a larger issue in South Korea.

The population projection may result in higher competition for jobs, food, housing and education in the future, which may increase society’s stress levels and hinder their wellbeing. If the development of larger land for Seoul does not keep pace, the growing population may lead to more overcrowding, which is already a major issue in Seoul, ultimately deteriorating the quality of living. The growing gaps of socio-economic levels between the impoverished and the rich as a result of costly living is the perfect fuel for protesting, violence and crime, which could make Seoul more dangerous and lead to higher crime rates. A larger population in Seoul also means that there will be differing views and opinions on certain matters, which may cause civil unrest. Despite this, if migrants account for a large percentage of the population projection, the city will begin to take shape as a multicultural society, being exposed to newer cultures and traditions.

Although the SMG has taken many measures to keep the environment sustainable, the population projection may negatively impact its progression towards an eco-friendly country. Green spaces may be compromised for the development of residences and shopping complexes in order to cater for the needs of the growing population. This may cause a slight increase in GHG emissions in Seoul as there may not be enough fauna to absorb carbon dioxide, a major greenhouse gas found in the atmosphere. As the population in Seoul grows, there will be much more energy consumption than before which will create other environmental problems. Hence, the SMG will need to find better ways to conserve and produce energy to prevent such issues from occurring. Pollution from industrial wastes will spiral as a substantial amount of goods will need to be manufactured for a larger population, affecting water and air quality. 
